YouTube Cypher, Vol. 2 Lyrics
Crypt just called, he said he's lookin’ to scrap
He wanted GAWNE up on the track‚ because I murder the raps
Well yo‚ Crypt‚ homie, just know that I got your back
Even if I gotta be a lyrical bully to Dax
Just give me the orders, run up and kick your door in‚ hit 'em with fifty mortars
Rigor mortis, kill 'em and leave their corpses on other people’s doorsteps
Enter the morgue with venom, and then I get morbid‚ evil and horrid, imminent torture
Reapin' the organs outta the orphans, bodily portions, gotta be foreskins
And now they like, "Woah!
How the fuck he spit and just murder so many flows?"
I don't know, I was bred for this shit since '96
Makin' hits since an embryo, I been the G.O.A.T.​
I could do flibbity hibbity, enterin' in the vicinity, cookin' up hits like I'm Breaking Bad
Walter White Jessie when makin’ amphetamines, shit’s gettin' messy, I’m finna be killin' the enemy
Never see any serenity when I be mentally heavily off of the Hennessy
Sippin' the liquor, I lick it up, lickety-split, and my liver, then kick in
Wit' a little bit of venom and I’m never gonna let up, got to get up from the bottom, put the motherfuckin' pedal to the metal
When in my head, I'm goin' mental, in retrospect, I probably should check my stress
But I'm never gonna second-guess this shit, it's over, I won
This beat is O. J.'s wife by the time that I'm done

Moxas!
Yeah, check!
Okay, the SoundCloud superhero back again
I train hard, so when I'm on the track, I'm overlappin' them
I'm lightin' up a sack, the holy pack my only sacrament
No California, though, I took the O, it's on my back again, ugh!
They pro'bly don't get it, I'ma hit them wit' a chrome in it
Semi-automatic flow, I gotta get it, though, I'm kickin' in the door wit' it
Like, "Oh shit, it's the dope kid wit' the flow sick, oh no, sis!"
And to be frank, no Ocean, got the weed dank and a potion
When I'm fleet flank, feelin' focused on my fee fie fum foe shit
And I speak fire if I wrote shit, so the fees high, you ain't know shit
Can't afford it, and I'm not nice, I'ma "Mmm-mmm" like I got lice
If you cop verse, I will not write, and I got slime, like a stop sign, uh!
I'm goin' up, that's the reason that they've been sad lately
You a loud annoyin' little kid, you a Bhad Bhabie
Got up on this beat to have some fun, you know I'm showin' out
If a pussy come at me, Alinity- I'll throw 'em out!
Ugh!

I think this girl better back off, she lookin' at me with some bright hopes
Tell her that she can be tied down if she wanna walk on a tightrope
Hittin' that shit from the back, dawg, she probably gonna need Geico
She knows that my pockets are so fat, they probably gonna need lipo
Bitch, I made a quarter mill' and y'all ignored until
I started murderin' these beats, I need some more to kill
Now my pockets lookin' green, they gettin' chlorophylled
It's written in my destiny, I'm born to kill
So much caffeine in my system, that it's hard for me to concentrate
Shittin' on my competition, rappers lookin' constipated
I never been a dick, don't need to over compensate
That's why all these women hit me, tryna overpopulate
While labels scared to hit me 'cause I got way too much leverage
If I signed to them, then I'm the one that's bringin' benefits
The amount they'd have to give's a mountain, like it's Everest
Once that contract's in possession, y'all gon' need an exorcist, I'm ghost
Yeah, Gawd, Gawd, Gawd

Oh Lord, the most slept on on the site, nigga
In a different pedigree, dawg, I show my bite bigger
Worried 'bout a dislike bar, I dislike your life
On a knee, lettin' it ring, like I'm lookin' for a wife, nigga
Brought a coffin, heard you jackin' a box
Try to wind me somethin' poppin', like a jack in the box
The arms strong, toss a Molotov from a mile away
I son y'all, but I didn't get a fuckin' gift on Father's Day?
Oh y'all want action, till I'm up and blastin', fuckin' tragic
Suckas plastic, get your surface bursted for your bubble rappin'
Rounds of applause with the- rounds of the ones I'm clappin'
Channels for reactions now reactin' to your fuckin' passin'
Thanos snappin', snatchin' the clout that you niggas gained
But a lot of y'all gon' vanish if the algorithm change
Who want smoke? I'ma alter your appearance
None you mothafucka's nice, tell KSI that I'm actually Beerus, God

To all the people that say I'm the bomb, I'm gonna blow up, that's what I'm made for (Yeah)
Lookin' for flow, or lookin' for bars, 'cause, I'ma give you what you came for
I get the blame for murder, you are just fake with burners, what are you fake for?
You fake gangs ain't plugged in, like Dax, with his chainsaw
It's Barology, welcome to the classroom
Shaq, you better tell Ja to stay inside that bathroom
Like Scriptwork, we fight back (Ya!), man, you ought to know
Like the Vatican without the Pope, I want all the smoke (*cough cough*)
"Hi there, I'm DK, I'm new here (Hi!)
I'm the guy with the English accent, or the dickhead with the blue hair" (That's me!)
I'm a vet already, I be puttin' rappers in the cemetery
Leave them dead and buried, like "Woah!"—Goin' harder than the military
I'm back on my bullshit, with a full clip, got a space in the morgue, if you wanna talk shit
Got orchids for your funeral with a full-zipped body bag, won't find out where the corpse is
I'll always be myself with no apologies
At DKRapArtist, everybody go and follow me
Yo Crypt, wanna thanks for the opportunity
Cyphers and freestyles is nothin' new to me, I do it beautifully
A couple verses up my sleeve, I love nudity
And black bitches, I'm the match when your wrist flicks it
Throw that ass back, like a grenade and blow my dick up
Unpredictable with verses, like Tourettes or havin' hiccups
Look, they compare ya boy to that of a lighter
Who's harder than a sniper, hittin' through the chest on a Bible
Don't have any rivals, 'cause that would imply I fight for survival
Amidst all the rappers I jack up, it's easy, now, back up
Callin' for backup, while I got they back up against the wall
Got my Vans up against they balls, pause, I ain't mean it like that dawg
And I ain't homophobic, for a mill', I'd give some head behind a Kroger
If the deal was just a minute, then it's over
Yeah, I'm mad buggin', slap you up in public in your city, ho
Only time you slap is the publish button on videos
Nigga, we mop floors with rappers, this no hyperbole
Flippin' them vertically, badly attackin' with words that they murmurin'
My pen is catchin' bodies, call it John Wick
I feel it as I am jottin', stretchin' these words like pilates
I kick, quick karate; ya click this, ya noddin'
Ya spit shit, the potty; a thick bitch, I'm throbbin'
Bitch, I'm finna nut, huh
Dick up in her gut, I eat that booty like it's lunch (Haha)

Yo, yo, yo

Yo! Yo, it's the girl about to rap!
Huh, yeah, you know I'm on that— fuck that!
Been ready to fuck the game and use these rappers as my cum rag
'Cause listenin' to y'all's like pressin' on a thumbtack
And these rappers, they itchin' for the—huh! Snitchin' for the—huh!
You know that it's a snake if you just listen for the— (*alert SFX*)
And I'ma be givin' them halos, when I be trigger-fingerin' these flows
Leavin' them quakin', and all on their toes, this is my destiny and what I chose
Look, I'm the best, so all these motherfuckers hate me
If I press the side of this gat, then there ain't gon' be no safety
Ain't no scopin', I'ma put this chrome to your windows, aim
And click-click-click, like the fuckin' page won't open
These little rappers know there ain't no jokin'
No hehe, no haha, jaja, don't matter which language spoken
I vanquish these angry faces who try to steal my focus
My staff with me, I pass the C's, like I'm the real-life Moses
Lex

Ah, yeah, yeah
Hold up!

I done made some enemies, up like the Sun, you are a kid to me
Fake niggas wearin' disguises, like it's trick-or-treat
I will never freeze on the beat, Control-Alt-Delete
That's why I went to work as soon as Crypt sent me the beat, like
I can read the signs and see the future like a Zodiac
Leave them where they stand, I'm like James Harden with a step back
Linin' up the competition, I will always catch them
One hand and defended like I'm Odell Beckham
Different rules, you play with us, then, homie, you gonna lose
Fade to black, and you couldn't see us even with Google Maps
And I know, I knew you just be hatin', use it for motivation
Cure ya from the sickness like a doctor, 'cause you're so impatient
I wanna keep it real with you
I am just not satisfied by a mill' or two
So, I only share the plate with a chosen few
If this a five-star meal, you a frozen food

Listen (Listen)

A wild beast is let loose in the forest
You screwin' yourself, like Darth Vader masturbatin' using the Force (Haha!)
Now congratulate this dude, he's a boss
Try me, I will embarrass you, like soccer moms doin' the floss
Check out my switch mag, get a Glock, put a Joy-Con where the clip at
And when you twitch, I'll be screamin' at the chat to clip to ("Clip that!")
Flows tight, but know my screws is loose
I'm Samuel Jackson of this YouTube rappin', grabbin' my super suit
My lines got a nice ring to 'em, barbells
My name carry weight in the community, cartels (Let's go!)
I'm makin' a mill' off of rappin', no cappin' and I am not wearin' no VVS (Yeah)
I got so many rhymes, my rap sheet is longer than a receipt at a CVS (Ha)
It's finna go down, better go now, 'bout to hit 'em with a four pound, better know now (Go)
I ain't talkin' about guns, just talkin' about bars, don't really wanna be the one to slow down (Woo!)
Bodied the beat, draw the chalk lines on the instrumental, zip it up
Now I can crush up the Infinity Stones into powder, then sniff it up

*deep inhale*
Um, hahahaha!

I'm the sergeant of all my squadrons, this is all out war
I'll make you sprint, like the phone, I'm not the one to call out, boy
And my foes is more then hoes, them bros is all out whores
Time to dead you, pop with the metal, make you fall out, boy!
Fuck all that noise, 'cause now I'm in this bitch, like yo' mother
See, Crypt is my brother, talk slick, I'll make a crypt for your brother
My nigga, I've suffered, but you won't hear me bitch like the others
You think they your brothers, but you can hear them hiss with they hug ya
You slick motherfuckers gon' end up in a ditch when I'm done
Got a problem, then bite your tongue, that's called a "bitch" where I'm from
A SIG is a gun, want smoke? I'll put that shit in your lungs
Turn me to a serial killer, and you Cinnamon Crunch
My niggas is, umm, young, and goin' dumb with the drum
March for a band, that little drummer boy, pa-rum-pa-pum-pum!
For a lump sum, they shootin' like the Rucker dumb dumb
Now you M.I.A like "Paper Planes" and "Bucky Done Gun"
Duck, or down goes Donald, a clown like Ronald
If I was black, then so is the strap, brrat the Tom, like MacDonald (Ha!)
They asked me why I made all these bars about clappin' people
Grew up on battle rap, plus, I showed you my MAC is lethal
No class in people, but I'm gradin' like professors
Throw you in a lake, and now you really wavy, like Quadeca
Tried to run, but I'ma catch him, the scope can make it long-range
Rifle got the magnifyin' glasses, I am Dontai!
A short temper can really make it a long day
And tell Crypt that I'm sorry I took the long way
Hahahaha!

Ooh, ooh, yeah

They like, "He finally entered, I guess it's time to be bitter" (Haha!)
I'm on every track like a Parental Advisory sticker (Ooh!)
In a new league, they tryin' to keep me from gettin' too hot, I got spice, so I'm gettin' my blue cheese (Brrr!)
I cannot be measured, so I am unruly
You can't get through me, I'm an IUD to all of these pussies (Oh!)
You know I'm gonna win it, in the end, I need my rupees (Oh, shit!)
Huh, they never understand how I do it
Said I couldn't say an "S", so I drew a line through it
Like, "Hi, stupid"—my rhymes are too fly, they defy Newton (Woo-hoo-hoo!)
They all rushin', tryna do as much work as what I put in (Damn!)
I'm Putin, I'm puttin', so you know nobody else is on par (Par)
Stoppin' in the tracks when I drive in like I'm a cop car (Yeah!)
Fuck rap shit, I got bars, but look like a pop star
Look like the BuzzFeed intern who gets employees their Pop Tarts (Haha)
Instead, I tour with the top charts, now they heard of me (For real)
An emergin' emcee, but you ain't got the M's, so you just an emergin' C (Get it?)

Yo
Yeah, ayy, uh

Shit, damn, son, you've never seen a fuckin' rapper who be this handsome
I never breathe when I be rappin', I got six damn lungs
I'm at the offices of UMG with twin handguns
I got a hostage, I'ma shoot, I'll need a big ransom
I been recordin' like a Demogorgon
That'll rip your organs out, and chop you into sixty portions
Like I'm Lizzie Borden, just a bit of boredom
Got me breakin' brick and boards, and I'ma smash your pumpkin like I'm Billy Corgan
In a tournament, I'm insubordinate
I'll throw you in the city morgue, and you'll just shiver morbidly with chilly organs
When performin', I mix endorphins with liquid morphine
The shit be coursin' through my veins, I went to war with fifty horsemen
Drop to your knees and kiss my foreskin
Your jam ain't impress us, jump off the cage and kick you in the face like Anthony Pettis
I roll heads back, your flow's just wack
I'll never die, I'm makin' videos forever, call me NoDeathShaq
I commit homicide like this
I get three copyright strikes quick
So tell Susan Wochsoioskski, whatever the fuck that bitch's name is
She can demonetize my dick
A lethal with the straight facts, y'all are just a needle in a haystack
Your rap looks old, you probably ran that shit through FaceApp
Probably thinkin' shit is sweet
And I'ma beat you up on camera, like fuckin' A$AP Rocky, copy?

I copy, Mac— get bodied like Tommy Mac with tsunami raps
My flow is so immaculate, they think it's a magic act
I'm makin' these rappers mad, I'll make a diss appear, then they disappear
With Nato on the beat and everybody here (Cypher of the year!)
Let's view inside my mind and see what things we find and discover
No rapper better than I, so take yo' pick, I'll leave 'em shuttered
No exposure needed for my focus to show my light
I'll ram my way in the game with my shows, I'm hungry, so my gig a bite
I'll snap in a flash, red is the only color I see, whenever I'm lookin' at you
Stompin' they ass, kickin' them motherfuckers when they are down, like Ndamukong Suh
Rappers don't get mad at me, that's something you'll regret
I'll have you nervously persperatin' over this beef, like meat sweats (Haha!)
Rap is a house, and bitch, I'm high up in it
Call me a rap addict, bitch, the sky is not the limit
Roll up on me and get smoked, yo, fuck your drama!
I'm crackin' skulls in this joint, I call that blunt force trauma
And much more commas won't make me rap with you, I'm immortal
Make you and your ho go ghost, 'cause I know you just a pair of normals
I'm sick when spittin' that's the difference between you and me
I'm me, but you wanna copy, right? Like UMG
Wait, you thought that was it? Crypt is in this bitch, and bitch, you know I gotta spit it quick
So, everybody, come and listen up, I gotta tell you what the fuck we gonna do to go and fuckin' rip it up
Yo, switch it up, everybody fearin' when we hit it up, Ryan Oakes knows his flow was different, 'cause Mac is Lethal
Packin' gats in his rap, shootin' back at people, actin' wack, in fact, Nems raps are regal
Lex Bratcher is it reppin' for the chicks, and Dontai can spit
And, Six, way to represent, Luke spit so quick, I can't even comprehend
Devvon Terrell with the voice of an angel, Scru done proved his spot at the table
And DK reppin' UK, he won the competition, and now he's here to stay
Moxas put them in a coffin, and Quad spazzed, there's no question
My shirt size is XXL, but fuck bein' a freshman!

Who made this beat? Nato!9Embed