Invasion (The Realest) Lyrics
"So let's get down to business
I don't got no time to play around, what is this?"
What is this?—What is this?

The Invasion! (Invasion!)
Yeah! Yeah!
Green Lantern! (Green Lantern!)
The infiltration
We coming! Yeah!

I got 50 Cent, I got G-Unit (Uh-huh)
D-Twizzy in this bitch (Haha), with Obie Trice (Woo!)
So watch what you say (Uh-huh), 'fore you call our name (Yep)
'Cause you say one more thing and it won't be nice!

Whoa, here we go, I should've known
I was bound to get pulled into some bullshit
Sooner or later, you little haters
Are too jealous of us, still love us, you hate it, G-Unit made it
And Obie's coming, D-Twizzy's coming
You're sick to your stomach ("UGH!")
Fifty percent of it's 50 Cent
The other 50 percent of it's whose color of skin it is
But if you even considering taking our label down
You better find our building and fly a fucking plane into it
But I ain't trying to get too intricate into it
I'm just tryna give you a little hint for your own benefit
'Cause then it's gonna get to the point where it escalates
Into some other shit, then I'ma flip
Then I'ma get to "Stomping in my Air Force Ones"
But you won't be able to tell if it's two pairs or it's one
It's just gonna feel like so many feet kicking you
You'll think Nike just made these into cleats in the shoe
I don't know what it is or what it could be
But I get a woody when these pussies try to push me
Thinking they gonna put me in a position to pickle me (Woo!)
Y'all tickle me pink, I think I'd just rather have P!nk tickle me (Hehe)
Hickory-dickory-dock, tickety-tock-tickety
A little bit of the diggedy-Doc-diggedy
Mixed with a little bit of the Jigga-J-Jigga
With a small pinch of Biggie
Look at me, I'm just the bomb-diggedy
We the realest label
Don't try to act like you don't feel our label
'Cause we gon' fuck around and kill your label
Obie, D-Twizzy, G-Unit, 50, Shady Records, we the label fa' sho!
We the realest label
Don’t try to act like you don’t feel our label
'Cause we gon' fuck around and steal your paper
Obie, D-Twizzy, G-Unit, 50, we gon' kill your fucking label fa' sho!
Yeah!
Shady in the place to be see
And I got what it takes to rock the mic right!
Still watch what you say to me, punk
'Cause I'm off probation in less than six months! {*gun cocks*}

Haha! (Woo!)
Shady Records
Still Aftermath
And don't think we don't hear you motherfuckers talking!
'Cause we do
We see y'all
But we just gon' sit back for a minute and watch what the FUCK y'all do!16Embed