EXPOSED Lyrics
Yeah
I'm about to lay down (um)
All the dirt, and all the facts that I've gained over the past 10 years (12 years actually, yup)
'Cause I just wanna cut this beef with a fork and knife right now!

First off let me get off my chest
I'm not what you all thought, righteous
Time's up and I'm gonna raise my wrist
Expose all of those that I met since '06
So you thought that you were slick, fronting with your clique
Posting all the pics, and the clips, looking violent
Sidemen, more like kind men
How 'bout I let the world know, 'bout the KSI that I've met!
Nobody knows 'bout that time in Cosmo
Took my team to meet yours, how the hell would I know
That you'd pay for it all, every drink at the bar
So unselfish, and thoughtful, and charitable!
Now we're moving on (Where?)
To Logan Paul (Oh)
I was appalled when I saw all the controversy
Totally shocked, so many thoughts all coming to me (Cus like)
When I met you in L.A., you were nothing but nice to me (Oh)
Or maybe I was tripping, I don't know, okay
I would talk about Jake but I never met him though
Unlike Shane and his show, who remains on the throne
Killing the game as he grows, everyday bro
Exposed!
I'm just here to expose everyone I know
How will you react when I leak the fact
That Ben and Rafi are related
Bet you didn't know that! (Nu-uh)
I'm just here to expose everyone I know
It's about time everybody knows
Smosh divided up
Shots fired, get your mind blown!

Pew! Die!
Who was that? Who am I?
Check my stats! Three points, one for one, and I'm 5'9
That's right, I'm talking 'bout pie
Met in Singapore, MBS, random award night
Poolside, with a nice smile and the blue eyes
Couldn't be more down to Earth, even 55 floors high! (Whoa)
Kinda like when I met Rice for the first time
Even I was surprised by my own eyes
All the diss tracks and the fake facts, are a mismatch
You ain't that bad
Tell the truth, Bry!
Or maybe I'm lying, maybe I'm the bad guy?
Superwoman got permission for her dissing, I didn't even try!
Lilly, now it's your time
Silly, coming for my feelings, cus you know I'm squealing, about your whole life!
Chilling with villains, I'm spilling, killing your image, concealing saliva on your eyebrows?
But if the "spit eyes get the guys", ain't that guy love? (Ha-ha)
I'm just here to expose everyone I know
Colleen and Miranda Sings?
Never seen them in the same room what does that mean? (Hmm?)
I'm just here to expose everyone I know
Did a show with Tyler O, and Troye down in Straya
Sorry girls, but I think they might be gay
Hate to break it to ya!

I'ma keep it movin'
Like every tuber do when
They grindin' and they groovin'
Algorithms and they provin'
Hollywood's in their future
Find the real from the moochers
Jenna, Julien, two of the realist genuine YouTubers
Speaking of which
Think of the most sweet and composed honest innocence
Now you double it
And you got the Merrell Twins
I can't expose any more
From my own experience
But who knows? I know!
Philip DeFranco, and his news show
Keeping it real, OG
Timothy Delaghetto
What a journey, can't believe
Went from beefing on a stream, now you're on my TV
But to me, most importantly, you kept integrity
Especially, in comedy, a dying breed
Bach, Storm, Trix, Liza Koshy!
Whoopsies!
If I left your name out it was probably
Just a misfit for my rhyme scheme (Nothing personally)
Running out of track, there's so many left
Gotta rap it fast
Channel Eminem
I'm talking 'bout that version
Super Saiyan, when he went, ascended God of Rap
The difference is that captions on my vids
Show what the lyric really is
And I shouldn't have told ya, probably not supposed to
Be exposing all my own stuff, and it's so dumb
But I'm really gonna go expose
All those, I know, I said before!
And I know me more than all the wonderful people that I said I know
I'm just here to expose everyone I know (Man, that's a lot of words though)
Knird ygrene nwo ym gnikam m'I
Wait, what? (I don't know, figure it out)
I'm just here to expose everyone I know
Could've had more drama, almost had my Twitter hacked
Never would've thought Keemstar had my back (Thanks for the DM)
I'm just here to expose everyone I know
YouTube's up next
And there's so much left to say
Like that one time when they
Oh, wait, I signed an N.D.A (Anyway)
I'm just here to expose everyone I know
Get exposed, let the whole world know
Sing the chorus with me everybody get up
Let's go!

I'm just he- oh
Neve- nevermind then4Embed