SHADY XV (CD1) REVIEW LyricsOverall Rating: 7/10
So, a new Eminem album, something that the mainstream consensus is generally going crazy over. However, this is different. It's a compilation album of Shady Records songs, a label which I'm currently not very fond of. I have mixed feelings about the album, as I love bits where Eminem is back with the Slim Shady persona (e.g. the title track & Vegas ) but hate bits where he's getting all lovey dovey and shit (e.g. Twisted, a horrible cringeworthy duet with Skylar Grey). Though Eminem desperately tries to make a name for his record label that has since slightly faded (just think, from 50 Cent selling a milli first week to Yelawolf's debut studio album debuting at number 27 on the Billboard 200), the label's artists as well as himself aren't able to prove themselves as a clique to be messed with.
When the first single dropped (Guts Over Fear), I began to have very low expectations for the album, as though I commended Eminem's honestly and internal rhyming, I criticised his choice of a choppy flow, a cringeworthy poppy hook as well as a lacklustre beat. When "Y'all Ready Know" by Slaughterhouse dropped, I began to think higher of what the album could be, as I enjoyed the song thoroughly. When the last single, "Detroit VS Everybody" dropped, my final and overall thinkings of what the album could be were mixed, ranging from "Yay Shady's back" to "Is this gonna be Recovery 2?" I didn't know what to think or expect from the album.
But now the album has dropped, and I must commend Eminem being able to give Slim Shady justice and portray him better than done in MMLP2. But I am also fairly disappointed, with Eminem's desperate attempt to grasp mainstream appeal. Though Eminem's punchlines and way with words has improved since MMLP2, the other Shady Records artists don't bring much to the table. I was excited with D12 being back, but their song, "Bane" is simply alright. Not to great, not too bad. A very typical Bizzare verse was included too, bringing back memories from their album Devil's Night. Yelawolf's song "Down" is slightly odd and doesn't make Yelawolf sound anything more than a boy from Alabama that wants to rap. However, I must say that I am impressed by Slaughterhouse. Though I haven't spent much time listening to their music, I enjoyed their right to the point, fearless & "I don't give a fuck" attitude when rapping.
Here is a track by track review :
1. Eminem - Shady XV
2. Slaughterhouse, Yelawolf & Eminem- Psychopath Killer
3. Eminem - Die Alone
4. Bad Meets Evil - Vegas
5. Slaughterhouse - Y'all Ready Know
6. Eminem - Guts Over Fear (feat. Sia)
7. Yelawolf - Down
8. D12 - Bane
9. Eminem - Fine Line
10. Skylar Grey, Eminem & Yelawolf - Twisted
11. Eminem - Right For Me
12. Eminem, Royce Da 5'9", Big Sean, Danny Brown, Dej Loaf & Trick Trick - Detroit VS Everybody
13. Yelawolf - Til It's Gone3Embed